Why don't you let me in the solitary room?
Master ordered
You call me ma'am
In fact, I don't even look up to my going to court
Alone you are back
Did you put medicine in the cake?
You are such a humble boy
We are husband and wife
What's wrong with me downloading around for fun?
You misunderstood.
We were never husband and wife
You are just the mother of my children
I can accept you to raise a child with me
But if you're paranoid about the position of the mistress
Then I can only ask you to leave.
Lonely Mountain, I was wrong.
Don't send me away
Hu Ma packed his things for him
I was wrong, Lonely Mountain, forgive me.
Give me another chance.
Not let mom go
Stone you let him go
Why are you going with my mother?
He has been by my side for the past 5 years
Not you hahahahahaha
Ah!